Oh, why?
Lantern Festival, the front line is here to report
Tianzhu'e has stationed troops for 100,000 years
My border may be attacked at any time
If our country at this time
Spread the news of the treasury deficit to the army
The army is distracted
I just found out the treasury deficit from the household department
This back foot Tianzhu will be in trouble
It seems that the man who stole the treasury
Already suffering from the enemy's treason
Lin Xiao
You must consider the overall situation.
I know it's hard for you
Did this
I also want you to do another thing for me
Father, please speak
fill the deficit
Support the front line
You have to understand
war
Whose family is thicker than yours?
After the soldiers
I promise you
I will personally help you thoroughly investigate the case of the national treasury deficit
Make money make money
But what the hell is going on with the money? stop